# Crowd Control Engagement

The clock strikes 3:15 on a Friday afternoon. You run to the bus area next to tibet avenue and are ready to go home for the weekend! As you approach the board that shows the order of the busses on the street, you notice a crowd of rowdy kids standing in between you and the board. The helpers next to the board also have lots of kids surrounding them too. How would someone find their bus if this situation were to arise? Let’s take another scenario taking place during E period in the cafeteria. You are hungry and get to the cafeteria slightly late after your meeting with your computer science teacher. You do not have E free but your teacher gives you five minutes into class time to get a sandwich at the sandwich bar. The line is extremely long and you cannot maneuver past the crowd since the lines are so close together. How would you navigate efficiently? These two scenarios are encountered more than the average Horace Mann student might think and we might even take note of this but not see the big problem with this. Large crowds around important areas create a feeling of chaos and make the environment unorganized. If something bad or unexpected were to happen, it would be hard to communicate around to everyone clearly and get them to respond in a quick and quiet manner. Another situation that could arise is that one person in this crowd could be sick, or in our time have COVID-19 in which being close to other people without a mask on could result in others in the group catching this sickness. This is a very present problem in our society today and just separating the groups and increasing space could go a long way. Our school tends to focus on creating an environment where everyone feels safe and organized within the community but some of these scenarios can threaten the safety of our community with these large crowds. The potential safety hazards. Although these areas have some obvious negative aspects, they serve as common spots where the members of our community socialize and it would not feel the same. There are definitely ways we could improve these areas for the better while continuing to allow students and teachers to interact closely. This problem directly connects to the essential idea of facilitating community engagement because the members of our community find themselves in these situations every day and creating a safer and quicker environment allows them to feel as though they connected on working together to make everyone’s experience the best it can be. Community engagement revolves around communication and interactions within the members of the community and these large crowds can sometimes make these ideas impossible.
