# **Fly On The Wall Lab**

### 1. Overview and Summary

After taking a look around the school environment, both literally in terms of the campus we walk around 5 days a week and technologically with our terms of communications throughout the school, there are a variety of observations that I have been able to make about our community including the design of many objects and settings around our campus that could be improved for the better. These could just be as simple as design of hallways and rooms as well as tables or chairs in these environments. Additionally, there are observations that can be basic blueprints for software which could combat future problems that could potentially arise from these. In my opinion, the largest overall problem present in our school would be FirstClass. It is a program that the entire school community uses almost everyday to stay in touch with each other, hear about upcoming events within or even outside of the local community and discuss assignments and homeworks with teachers. The main users of this platform are the students, teachers, and deans of Horace Mann School and they use it every day and rely on it to connect with each other. This platform having these issues could negatively impact how we commmunicate on a daily level.


### Analysis

These observations sparked many ideas for me on ways to solve problems involving them or even just show why something might not work in our society, especially within the community and environment these observations were made in. For example, the biggest problem i found with first class is that sometimes emails glitch and send twice which ruin the overall experience and make interactions within the application more difficult than intended. This further complicates an already non user friendly application and makes it harder for us to find old messages. Let's say you had an important attachment or event from the previous months and you needed to refer back to it now. With FirstClass there is no way to retrieve this past email because the mailing site deletes old emails after about 30 days of viewing them. Although the reason for this might be so that these emails dont flood over extra space that could be saved, some e-mailing services have found ways to keep these emails in somewhere easily retrievable. Smaller bug fixes would also be amazing such as some drafts of e-mails not being saved if you wanted to work on it later, a better filtering system to find words inside of messages that would not appear in the title of the e-mail, and even fixing the age long double e-mail glitch. On a smaller level, there are minor inconveniencies such as the seating in the basement of Tillinghast as well as some of the doors in lutnick which have handles that appear to be meant for pushing but are supposed to be pulled. These doors could have signifiers that tell the user which direction it goes in


### Description of Procedure

The process for finding most of these problems was simpler than I had originally expected. The best way I was able to complete this assignment was to take a deeper look into my everyday school routine and environments, interactions and users that I come in contact with everyday. Some of these observations have been previous problems or flaws that we have ve noticed in the past and never took the time to analyze before this project. FirstClass is a big part of our everyday lives at this school, and it has been for a while, so finding problems within it were mostly going around even asking some people what problems they found with the e-mailing service. We looked into what external problems these smaller inconveniencies could lead to and took note of that. Going around the school also made us realize how many small things could really make a difference if they were changed and maybe in the future we could see a better design implemented around our physical school environment.
